Update broken link in expo-updates-config.md (#160)
expo/fyi: expo-updates-config.md

  2. If no updates URL is specified, the `owner` and the `slug` fields will be used to generate one: `https://exp.host/@${owner}/${slug}`. 
  3. It can also be set by passing a URL to the `--public-url` flag of the `expo export` command.

> To learn more about `expo-updates` configuration look [here](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/expo-updates/README.md#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the `expo-updates` configuration, look into [library's README](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/expo-updates/README.md#configuration).
```

Let's update this as per our writing style guide's adding link instruction: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#linking-to-other-docs
